#+BEGIN_COMMENT
.. title: Mammae
.. slug: mammae
.. date: 2020-08-27 00:35:33 UTC+05:30
.. tags: 
.. category: 
.. link: 
.. description: 
.. type: text
.. status: 
#+END_COMMENT
/Reading time : 5 minutes/
--------------------------------------------------

In the course of evolution, from single cell organism to fishes to amphibians to 
reptiles to birds to mammals, when was gender identified?

Let us travel back to the age of reptiles. Early reptiles understood the need
for world sustainability by reproduction. Hence, they happily mated and laid
eggs; signed the papers and moved on to next honey moon. They left their eggs to
sun and season to hatch. Reptile nonchalance is criminally underrated. A reptile
life begins and ends with its own experiences. Bliss!

Then came the birds. They developed feathers and wings to counter the cold.
Birds had intercourse and more eggs were delivered. They broke the age old
reptile tradition and started caring about their eggs by guarding and keeping
them warm. The first act of true selfishness in the evolution of Evolution.

Mammals. When birds thought hair instead of feathers was perfectly stupid,
mammals came up with the new idea of having sex and storing eggs inside its own
body. Inside the body!!! Such was the shock, bird brains attained its maximum
cognisance and reptiles retired from being related. The mammalian eggs came out
alive of their body and started crying for food. The mountains and tadpoles
echoed the frequency and the first case of reptile dysfunction was reported.
Mammals then acquired the habit of providing protection and nutrition to the
offspring. Thus began the suckling and tickling.

This Mammalian care lead to mutual understanding and association between the
parent and the offspring. The cherishing of the youngling created attachment,
and kindled the possibility of learning by imitation. The beginnings of true
social life.  As H.G.Wells has rightly said, "A /teachable/ type of life had
come into the world". The student then became the teacher, thoughts replaced
lessons, and life advanced in the world. Here we are! What about gender then?
When was gender identified? 

Secreting or not, all mammalian genders have mammary glands. One gender ceasing
to mature at an early age and another maturing at a later stage.  Unravelling
this bias, a primitive hypothesis suggested that the early mammal children were
truly sexist, and chose to suck nipple(s) of one specific gender while
disdainfully ignoring the other. The continuous process of suckling and sucking
might have extended the growth in one and the categorical humiliation could have
hindered the growth for the other. The false theory also went to the extent of
comparing Mammae to the ever expanding universe. Regardless of the intellectual
snobbery, this opened up a new space of body research, which the Children Of
Science(COS a.k.a Cause) informally called as 'The shape of you'. Two questions
of great fiscal and monetary importance are: "Since when did one start wearing
the inevitable as an embellishment to poverty, and the other consider this
evolutionary augmentation as a wonder of the world"?

The famous English thought on "To cover or not to cover" continues to baffle the
intelligent society. An armchair thinker once said: "A man went outside a bar
and looked behind to find it sacrilegious; but from the inside he found it
perfectly ordinary". In some parts of the world, people are finding perfect
happiness by not covering their body or smile, whereas in some other parts of
the world covering head to toe is the stepping stone to nirvana. Rest of the
world believes in heuristic principles.

Meanwhile, The United League Of Nations(TULON), is seriously contemplating
re-introduction of /'Mulakkaram'/, loosely translated to Breast Tax, which, till
the early 20^th century, was the tax imposed on lower caste women if they wanted
to cover their breasts in public. The women were expected to pay the government
a tax on their bosom, as soon as they started developing them. The tax
collectors would visit every house to collect Breast(Either of the two fleshy
milk-secreting glandular organs on the chest of a woman) tax from any lower
caste women who passed the age of puberty. The tax was evaluated by the
collectors depending on the size of their breasts. An American newspaper
casually called it as "The Cover Charge", and people laughed for seven
consecutive days. Later, they were all hanged, drawn and quartered for the
simple crime of shamelessness. The current generation of people in this
geographical area unanimously agreed that they are ashamed of their ancestry.


Well, in the course of evolution, when was gender identified?

